we're gonna do a tour here of the 1966
Batmobile in the 1966 Batmobile
here we have a great toy from toy Tokyo
of the battlefield so toy Tokyo sent us
their 1966 red Batmobile this year
brother san diego comic-con exclusive
and we thought hmmm what would really
make this review better how about going
to the source of the guy who actually
makes these things guess what doesn't
live that far from us no things mark
rekha
in he owns fiberglass freaks he's
amazing his work is amazing his staffs
work is amazing so let's check out his
review I mark recoup from fiberglass and
looking at it and I notice that the
front end is exceptionally accurate it's
really surprised to see the head like
buckets and the amber turn signal lenses
the lid scoop and the grill buckets are
really accurate to it I've got the
flares down the side the door bat is
also very accurate but the wheel bats
are not so accurate the wheel bats are a
little different design than what was on
the car back in 66 or like with the car
and the number one car has on today
we're taking a look at the windshields
they look really good especially the
front windshield it's a little bit short
but not bad the rear windshield should
be pointed and much longer for an
accuracy of standpoint but that's okay
we're good with that because as a toy
right on the truck Chevron's they only
have to ship runs
they do have the the Kirk number of
scallops on the wings with three
scallops on the side three scallops
across the top and then parachute packs
are very nice and the rocket exhaust too
especially nice when you consider that's
the first season they did some research
on that so that's really cool we've got
the rear grills naturally as well so oh
no I give this pretty high marks also we
do have a little bit of the arch we've
got the beacon light in the two and 10i
and the two side marker lights on the
sides of the arch I give a pretty high
marks triple rocket tubes are nice as
well so hey Batman comes out I did not
know Batman comes out I was looking for
battling on the bottom like this
Batman's a lot of fun - they did a
pretty nice job on that look at the
accuracy on the bat on the chest bat
it's right off of Adam West's chest and
soon with a belt buckle good grief
the belt buckles pretty close so it's a
little different design but that's
already
but what fine now yah if I was to grade
this I would say I would give it to
probably an 8 out of 10 and on the fun
scale we give it a 12 out of 10 now that
you've heard the review from the
foremost expert in the 1966 Batmobile
you want to hear ours well here it is
the toy Tokyo red 1966 Batmobile this is
gonna be the San Diego comic-con
exclusive and they sent us one and it's
awesome as you can tell this Batmobile
is very similar to the original one that
came out last year the mold and
everything is still the same the color
is different and I think it's really
pretty good do you like this this is so
sharp guys I can't tell you enough how
bright this thing looks on the shelf
this is beautiful and truthfully I think
it's better than their light blue one
from last year yeah this is a winner
right here compared to the one from just
over solid black one this shines this
shines not only is the color way
different on the Batmobile it's also
different on Batman his green and blue
and that is just that really polishes
that pops I've never seen a green Batman
this is the first Batman I've ever seen
he's right I haven't ever seen a green
Batman and I just think it's really cool
and the blue on him is gorgeous it's the
same blue that was on the Batman that
came with the games being plain clay
yeah oh yes yep the glow-in-the-dark
blue Batman it's very similar it's it's
really a really nice pop even just by
himself I don't think y'all find this
colorway and the Batman by itself some
people want this Batman you're probably
gonna have to buy get your dukes ready
now that you've heard our ramblings
about the Batmobile let's take a look at
this beautiful car up close the toy
tokyo exclusive is identical to the
original 66 model so if you purchased
that one the car is going to be
identical except for the paint job the
wheels do not spin but it is a plastic
version of it it's not vinyl like the
DeLorean so that's an important thing
yeah now we've seen a lot of people on
facebook saying that they're very
displeased with what the back of the
future car was that the whole thing is
actually vinyl and not plastic these are
still plashed
they are and they're a beaut
they really are the red really pops out
I love the accident of blue on it it
really makes this car pop out it's
beautiful and I love the yellow windows
on it I do too I think the yellow
windows kind of set it apart mm-hmm
I'd also like to mention that I really
like the different color great on the
front of the car I do tell you that's
really nice that really accentuates the
front of that really nice thing
now one drawback now there's not much
wrong with this but one drawback the
cowl of Batman is a little different
it's not actually the 1966 cow as far as
the paint job goes it's the same Batman
it just doesn't have that that different
color face shield with the eyebrows and
the nose outline so that's kind of a
bummer but it's not necessarily that big
of a deal just something to throw out
there yeah it's not a deal breaker the
cowl on this Batman is very similar to
Batman number one so if you have that
one that's what it looks like overall
it's a really cool Batman and it's a
different Batman you're not looking Bill
again unless you get this set so if
you're a Batman fan make sure you get on
play Tokyo's website and order this
thing when it's available yeah if you
want this one if you want this Batman if
you're a hardcore fan and a hardcore
collector Batman stuff like we are you
have to get this because you're not
going to get this bat pin anywhere else
there's never a toy Tokyo yeah there's
not very many made so either you better
get a San Diego comic-con and you better
be waiting on your computer when they're
ready to sell it online
if you want to be the first to win one
of these awesome 1966 red toy tokyo
exclusive comic-con Batmobiles you have
a chance it's a contest it is I'm at or
Tokyo Hiro it's an Instagram contest so
basically what you have to do is you
have to do something super for someone
else
for example help someone across the
street take care of a homeless animal do
some get the can out of the trees that's
right and take a picture of yourself
doing that and then send it to Twitter
ochio's Instagram account what point toy
Tokyo's Instagram in the description in
the description box how cool is that
contest that's very cool I think you
should definitely go out and do
something nice for someone else if you
win you'll feel more you'll feel awesome
because you won this by doing something
amazing exactly and that's what life's
about that's right what what's a better
way to get one of these exclusives by
doing something nice for someone else so
thank you Tony Tokyo thank you thank you
thank you everybody who works the points
out yeah we appreciate you sending this
and thanks for watching guys thanks guys
bye
you